This project is a database application which overlooks the general performance of a triathlete during their training period.

This database holds the information of multiple users. Each user is linked to their own training sessions and training information
based on their triathleteID. Future applications of this application would restrict views so that triathletes may only gain access to
information pertaining to their personal training, and not that of other athletes. 

A triathlete may use this application to track information about each of their individual triaining sessions. 

For example: 
	A triathlete may run to the lake, and then continue to go for a swim, before running home. All as part of one training session.
	
	The triathlete can log this in its entirety as one training session. They will save information about:
			The date
			The total Time spend excersizing
			The total transition time between sports
			Which Sports were included in this training session
			The routemap for each individual sport in their training session
			Distance/Speed information about each individual sport in their training session
			etc.
	This application provides the triathlete with the opportunity to log even further detail about their training session, 
	based on which sport they were training at the time. For example:

	The triathlete can save information regarding their run to the lake:
			What shoes were they wearing?
			Were they listening to music?
			What was the weather outside?
			etc.

	And they can save seperate information about their swim:
			Was the lake wavy?
			What was the water temperature today?
			What was the wind direction (to be added to database as a future application)
			Was the swimmer wearing a swim cap, and/or a wetsuit?
			etc. 

This application can be later used to generate useful graphs to illustrate progress to a triathlete. It also can provide database administrators 
with important information regarding general statistics about their users as group. 


	

 